I mean, you go to bed and get some rest and I'll finish my work.
No, I'm fine, really.
I won't do anything, don't worry.
No, it's not that, it's just I'm here to serve you and my alpha wouldn't like it if I slack off.
Okay, well, take a seat at least.
It's making me a little nervous with you standing there, like you're overseeing my work.
Here, go ahead.
He's responsible and gentle.
Not like the Heartless Alpha he's made out to be.
I'm not hungry.
You can have these.
No, I'm an Omega.
Omega's aren't allowed to have pastries in Red Moon.
Omega's are only allowed to have scraps in Red Moon Pack.
Isn't that common?
No, of course not.
In my pack, everybody's equal here.
We enjoy all kinds of foods.
Here, take it.
Brian has never wanted a girl.
I saw it.
Avery's doomed.
Alpha Logan is coming to your rescue.